when making mentors, we should not, even the assistants, we should not ask the department. We don't need that because the head of department is already know what is his department, right? So that is the place that under the head of department profile, they should able to select their, I mean, yeah, select their department. That's it, right? So under that department head created all the mentors, academic , or the industry mentor should come under the head of department's department.From the mentors, academic co-ide, industry mentor, and the assistants, you must remove if there is any CPM field. Please remove it from the profile. CPM is only allowed and it's only used in undergraduate profile.And in here, under Head of Department dashboard, department assistance section, I can see there are so unnecessary text, right? Please make design it like simple as the highest point is students who like low rating feedback sessions card.and then you have to redesign this conversaion box properly. and when creating a meeting If there is any issue, like the date validation issue, please show it in the box, right, not outside the box. Then user have to close and go and see there are no. So you have to implement that. Error showing the error message shows in there, not in outside and i hv seen that many other places as well so please search and fix it from the entire applciation.I mean, even though the department head got the meeting session, I mean the sessions created message, they do not see any sessions in their dashboard. So we have to implement that feature as well. I mean, the department head also should see the scheduled meetings for the students, right? So it's not interrupt to the department head dashboard, but it should be there if the department head want to just suddenly go and check any other meeting, check some meeting, then it should be there, right? The feature.when i try to upload not i'm getting this error 
:8080/api/materials/upload:1 
        Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 400 ()
        Learn more validation failed so need to fix that as well.
from the upload evidence category options, please remove that "Direct" option. there should be only award, and activity
you hav to redesign this submission reviewing box as well in a properly align responsive way. you have to make this also responsive and in a proper height and width. And one major issue that I see is, on the notification tab, there is a clear option. So once I clear that, clear, it cleared. Yeah, that's true. But again, when I check notification, I can see all the past notifications listed up in there. So we don't need that, right? That's not the main by the meaning of the clear notification system. So you have to fix that as well. 
And there are many things that it should be clickable, but it cannot. As an example, I have attached many screenshots in here from the head of department, that highest rank, highest point student. We can see the rank and the student name. So once we click the student name, it should direct to the student profile from the department. I mean, it should be able to be visible, no? So yeah, I like that there are many things. For an example, another one, under mentor, academic mentor dashboard, there is a student name. Again, under students, there is a student names, no? Again, once we click the name, we should able to go to their profile, no? And under profile, we should directly be able to write an email when we click an email, right? So those are very simple common sense in user-centric design. And when it comes to the upcoming session, also, if we click the session topic or the session anyway, it should direct to the session, right? So those are the minor things that we can fix and give a fantastic user experience. Even the student dashboard also, there are things like that. Under evidence, there are proof submissions, but when we click the title of that, we can't see the evidence at all. Why? We can improve that, right? Under not poll also there, under upcoming events also there. So those are the minor things, but we can fix it for an improved user experience. So yeah, now it's up to you. You can decide, you can start to implement these things properly and carefully.
do you understand?